Added tip to show how to remove the current licsense (#3697)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/installation/install.adoc

across upgrades without issue, so new keys will not be required when you
upgrade your ownCloud Enterprise to a new version.

> TIP: if you want to remove the current license, open owncloud and navigate to `settings > admin-settings > general` and click the `Remove current license key` button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: if you want to remove the current license, open ownCloud and navigate to menu:Settings[Admin > General] and click btn:[Remove current license key].
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
